[core] [nextjs] [create-content-sdk-app/nextjs-app-router] DesignLibrary for server side components (#280)
Sitecore/content-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### 🎉 New Features & Improvements
  * `[core]` `[react]` `[nextjs]` `[templates/nextjs app router]` Add support for server components in Design Library in nextjs app router template ([#280](https://github.com/Sitecore/content-sdk/pull/280))

>    - additional ract components to handle dynamic rendering of server components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 🎉 New Features & Improvements

  * `[nextjs]` [App Router] Add support for server components in Design Studio ([#280](https://github.com/Sitecore/content-sdk/pull/280))
   - additional react components to handle dynamic rendering of server components
```

   - includes refactoring of existing Design Library functionality

>    - this is a breaking change for Next.js App Router (beta) application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - this is a breaking change for applications based on Next.js App Router (beta) template. Please refer to the detailed upgrade guide for further instructions
```
